THE TEAM

Jana Coetzee - Lead Designer and Project Manager

Grant Smith - Lead Programmer and Technical advisor

Currently studying Multimedia at the University of Pretoria, before that went to st Peter's College. Making use of PHP, Javascript and HTML knowledge
to benefit the website and make it feel alive, immersive and interactive. Enjoys gaming, watching series, web development and long walks on the beach. 

Joel Chigumba - Code specialist

Studies at the University of Pretoria and graduated from King Edward VII School. His interestes are Movies, series, games and web development. 
As a code specialist he helps develop interactive code for the website. He enjoys coding, listening to music and ballet 

Peter Rayner - Design advisor

Went to Pretoria Boys High, currently studying at the University of Pretoria. Interests include: aeroplanes, cars and IT.
Enjoys playing video games and flying planes and romantic comedies. Using his techinical knowledge of web development and design, he ensures that the website runs 
smoothly,efficiently and is accessible 

Jon-Ptr Taljaard - Animator and Personal Assistant

Studying at the University of Pretoria after graduating from Hoerskool Jeugland. His skills in animation help to make the website unique and vibrant. 
His interests are animation, knifes and fighter jets. He enjoys animation, gaming and cuddling 

ABOUT PAGE

We're all about the experience of games . We wanted to make a game that made the player think about a situation, giving them the choice on how
to complete each task, giving them a sense of freedom while still placing them in a situation which requires them to go from point A to point B. The player will 
experience the game along side the protagonist, learning as she learns and discovering the "world" as she does. 

This website is here to explain the game and add more detail and backstory without affecting the game's story. The game's atmosphere is rather dark and eerie 
and the website mimics this using dark colours and little lighting and like the the game the website will make use of interaction to explore each page, whether 
that means opening a door or just clicking a link. 
    


